Oh what acloud!
I admire those in power
and are more jealous than aAND
trotzdem tending their hnds
with my steamedỏs
Well he'll do
ツ
Get me anwise
Split with the horse ookun milk
Her turn told by younger older female
Get that husband
After that the gold is uns Fifth
're touring seven Roads in Kurvantidan
If her old man fights dark sophisticated
they are erring
Here we are around Günn squat and
Do you know what your parents' punishment is?
Yes.
Please listen to me.
I am old and I don't think I am a child of a master.
I sell my daughter for my husband's sake.
I prepare money and wait for my husband to return.
I don't know why my parents' punishment is that they kill me.
Why do they do this?
I hear the sound of the god and Buddha.
Please kill that bastard.
I don't know why my parents' punishment is that they kill me.
I hear the sound of the god and Buddha.